add I/O info for async functions (#9326)
dask/dask: docs/source/futures.rst

       n = await counter.n  # attribute access also must be awaited

> Generally, all I/O operations should be done using the :code:`compute=False` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, all I/O operations that trigger computations (e.g. ``to_parquet``) should be done using the ``compute=False`` 
```

parameter to avoid asynchronous blocking:

.. code-block:: python

>    df3 = await client.compute(dd.read_parquet('/tmp/some.parquet', compute=False))

Reviewer: [`dd.read_parquet`](https://docs.dask.org/en/stable/generated/dask.dataframe.read_parquet.html) doesn't have a `compute` option. I think this example was supposed to be for [`dd.to_parquet`](https://docs.dask.org/en/stable/generated/dask.dataframe.to_parquet.html) by looking at the discussions in https://github.com/dask/dask/issues/6971

```suggestion
   df3 = await client.compute(dd.to_parquet('/tmp/some.parquet', compute=False))
```

>    df3 = await client.compute(dd.to_parquet('/tmp/some.parquet', compute=False))

Reviewer 2: Apologies for the delayed review. A couple of comments:

- I think the result of this computation is `None`. Assigning it a variable name of `df3`, while technically valid, is a bit confusing as it makes me think it's a `DataFrame`
- The `dd.to_parquet(...)` signature needs a `DataFrame` passed as the first argument

Reviewer 3: I pushed the green button too fast. I'll fix this up.
